the game becomes coop and I take a good
teacher but I think I can be a
good luck there is a distinction the prof
of singing already knows they will do
work positioning his larynx
the resonance versus what we
calls the mask for sounds of
vowels things like that the teacher of
singing work except me I see myself more
like a finger that is worth listening to that
my family will come and offer me
will work the interpretation of that
the positioning of the movements of
intentions it's more in that sense
that I show you honestly I have
not the taste of how it plays obadia and
with them they are not there for any
way necessarily make a career
they are here to live an experience in
same time have to do a little bit
be careful to be too complacent no
more because many told us
well if it's not correct and we
so we see we're going to find the right one
and beautiful feint and it has been the
para una to improve it's true
is like an hour after the war
I did not want to interest you
that's it that's it's the big
family just mothers
and you parceled you join the family
like in competition no one feels it for
a healthy competition in the sense of me
I do not want to gag give you give it
maximum to our families but what is
the fun is that in the semi-finals the
final the bruno family putting his
Serbian gang family in semifinal
maybe it's me or jean-françois
what good guys not all along good
that's for sure I think I
he tells everyone this my micro cash
years old lola in front of the camera
the camera that sings well yes yes the
charms and a micro the show in
singing I find port if I opened them
people would not change on which one
begins then I join them in
through I sing in the huge crowd
site without microphone I am his cache a
sidewalk he is away patrice listening the
secret of his success to day always says
it is to know well surrounded in korea
yes what is watching his dream casting
judge with 3.3 song icon
rené simard behind a cinema concept
fantastic for a long time sung
jane is here is that it is under
bonnets March at the beginning we had
many hopes but it's going to be a
good show it's comforting stopped the
job
friendly not the ear their role
not but that's not what this
change chan waouh
so my guide and continue to live
bruno is coach bruno coach
it is the coach of jean françois
dartigues brenon it was my first
coach game in our lady of paris
I was little ass I came in this
wonderful world of song and bruno
furrier I watched them I got them
followed in the pot and the eye during
some games it's grinning be
realistic it has been very very long
thrown a greedy little job no I the
watching with a trainee already good
kind of coach must be quickly a
very attentive coach putting
today to compare to bruno he
is not at all very attentive
yes especially listening to families who
are there because we have several families
in fact several meetings
I think each of the families at the
strengths of the weaknesses try to go
work on the weaknesses then
try to undo the knots but
especially to reclaim what
are because they were chosen from
200 a few families and they are there
because he feels they have some
thing it is and this few young people have
you understand something that we do
it's all facts and its players
lighthouses and alas the most competitive
strait definitely regains offside
art is more than I wanted not there
to go but there is a beautiful
for the sepa not know for show
TV the scrum turns really fun and that
give that gives a special Ben spice
avenue work the family spirit in
sum it is true that we play on the words
but it's true we meet
really seemed like a spirit we know each other
thank you thank you